c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp7.dll
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp7.pdb
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp7.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp7_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.g.resources
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.dll
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.pdb
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
c:\users\linh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\Study1.g.cs
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\Study2.g.cs
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\Introduction.g.cs
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\PhoneApp7.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\Bin\Debug\EngDB.sdf
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\ResultEx.g.cs
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\MenuPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\VocaCompleled.g.cs
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\Study3.g.cs
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\FirstPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Linh\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PhoneApp7\PhoneApp7\obj\Debug\IntroStudy.g.cs
